refactor(docs): split monolithic api reference into multiple files (#722)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/392.doc.rst

> Split up documentation into multiple files.

Reviewer: This needs to be longer, explain what the changes are more in depth. Making comment now so its not forgotten.

Author: Done in [4cc42e0f32291197952ae33f3572ea2a19196a58](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/722/commits/4cc42e0f32291197952ae33f3572ea2a19196a58)

Split up documentation into multiple files.
- Main ``disnake`` API reference is now under ``api/``.
- ``disnake.ext.commands`` API reference is now under ``ext/commands/api/``.
- ``disnake.ext.tasks`` is considered small enough to leave it as-is, and is not changed.
- Legacy ``api.html`` and ``ext/commands/api.html`` pages are deprecated and should not be used anymore.

> - - They redirect previously valid URLs to the new object locations for now, but this can be changed later at any time without prior notice.

Reviewer: Not entirely sure if these are worth mentioning here, the redirects exist for existing links and and people shouldn't try to use them.

Author: IMO it is.
Also notice
> this can be changed later at any time without prior notice.
Meaning we can make a pr removing redirects at any point without !breaking marker and changelog entry.
This is also would reduce potential "why api.html dont work!?!?" questions on discord.

Reviewer 2: I don't see a reason to remove the redirects in the future, fragment names should always be unique - the `this can be changed later` warning isn't necessary.

Author: The biggest reason for removing redirects is the size they take when loading built page: docs data in compressed json takes ~0.5MB right now, and more things come, more it will take. This is a really big deal for slow networks, and it is actually even worse because this script is loaded *on every page*, not only api.html or ext/cmds/api.html

Reviewer: Is it possible to only load that script on those pages? This somewhat loses some of the benefit these changes provide us.

Author: The most obvious (but not best) solution would be adding a few `if`s to jinja templates, but ill try to find something better

Author: Done in [`23a48d4`](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/722/commits/23a48d4335d5c029358cf13bdb803cb604fd0eae)

> - Legacy ``api.html`` and ``ext/commands/api.html`` pages are deprecated and should not be used anymore.
> - - They redirect previously valid URLs to the new object locations for now, but this can be changed later at any time without prior notice.

Reviewer: the warning here about being changed at any time isn't necessary.
```suggestion
- Legacy ``api.html`` and ``ext/commands/api.html`` pages are deprecated and exist only to serve as redirects.
- - Links with pre-existing anchors will be redirected to their appropriate page.
```
